#+CAPTION: UDOO X86 II Advanced Plus initial prototype
#+NAME: fig:udoo-prototype.png
[[./cm4-prototype.png]]

* Notes

This is the second version of the v128 system, in prototype form. This system
uses a Raspberry Pi 4 compute module and IO board as the main workhorse. The
screws have no metal inserts to screw into, and screw directly into the plastic.

These parts are designed to be 3D printed using a 0.2mm layer height. The front
piece should be printed with the facia facing the print bed. The top-piece
should be printed on-end, vertically.

* Generalized Bill-of-Materials

This is a generalized list to cover most of the features of the v128, and where
to get parts. Most things are sourced from DigiKey since they are a reliable,
reputable, and repeatable source for components. Apologies if you live in an
area where DigiKey is not servicing. In the future, this will be made far more 

  - 1 x Raspberry Pi [[https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/compute-module-4/?variant=raspberry-pi-cm4001000][Compute Module 4]]
  - 1 x Raspberry Pi [[https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/compute-module-4-io-board/][Compute Module 4 IO Board]]
  - 1 x [[https://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/ideal-power-ltd/40XA065BP1200300/2882-40XA065BP1200300-ND/12818292][12V AC/DC adapter]]
  - 2 x [[https://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/lumex-opto-components-inc/SSL-LX25783ID/67-1053-ND/270851][Through-hole RED Rectangle LEDs 2.3mm x 7mm]]
  - 1 x [[https://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/e-switch/R4FBLKBLKGF0/R4FBLKBLKGF0-ND/1805292][SPST-NO 20A 125V Rocker Switch]]
  - 2 x [[Quick Connect connectors][https://www.digikey.com/en/products/detail/molex/0192740005/2793741]]
  - 6 x M3x0.5x5 socket head metric screws
  - 1 x [[https://www.adafruit.com/product/364][adafruit PN532 Breakout Board v1.6]]
  - 7 x M2.5 x 5 button-head screws
  - 2 x M3 x 8 screws
  - Assorted jumper wire
  - Aluminum foil patch (7cm x 6cm)
  - Double sided tape
  - Glue

[[./bom.jpg]]

* Assembly

** Front part

The front facing part of the v128 shell fastens onto the backplane by way of two
M3 screw holes. Before this can be done, we have to insert the various
components we want in this part, otherwise it'll be a bit of a pain to assemble
later.

*** Step 1

[[./step1.jpg]]

Insert the rectangular LEDs into the two LED holes (one for power, one for drive
activity) and secure using superglue on the back. Solder hookup wiring to the
leads and cover with heat shrink.

*** Step 2

[[./step2.jpg]]

Attach the aluminum foil patch to the top half of the drive bay with double
sided sticky tape. This will provide an RF shield to prevent mis-reads of NFC
floppies left on top of the case.

[[./step3.jpg]]

*** Step 3

Solder a small set of .1" headers to the right side of the Adafruit PN532
breakout board. We'll use these to connect to the Pi's GPIO header in a bit.
Attach two strips of double sided tape to the breakout board, on the side where
the silkscreen shows, then stick to the /bottom/ of the drive bay.

*** Step 4

[[./step4.jpg]]

Screw the front part to the bottom part using the two M3x8 screws. First, drive
a screw through each mounting hole on the bottom and then overtighten to tear
out the screw threads. Remove the screw, then repeat on the other side. Once
that's done, use the screws to tap holes in the front piece -- screw in until
it's just finger tight and won't turn any further. Now that that is done, you
can screw the two parts together without too much trouble.

** Bottom part

*** Step 5

[[./step5.jpg]]

Place the compute IO board facing the back of the bottom of the case, line up
the port holes, and the screw holes. Screw it down using all 7 of the M2.5x5
button head screws, finger tight in each hole. You may have to push down on the
board slightly to align the ports with the holes, or push from the front of the
board (near the jumpers and ribbon cable slots) to align the screw holes,
depending on how your print came out.

*** Step 6

[[./step6.jpg]]

Insert the power switch into the slot on the back.

*** Step 7

[[./step7.jpg]]

Crimp the quick connect blade connectors to some hookup wire, and attach to the
blade terminals of the switch.
